The trouble with having an open mind, of course, is that people will insist on coming along and trying to put things in it.
Give a man a fire and he's warm for a day, but set fire to him and he's warm for the rest of his life.
Some humans would do anything to see if it was possible to do it. If you put a large switch in some cave somewhere, with a sign on it saying 'End-of-the-World Switch. PLEASE DO NOT TOUCH', the paint wouldn't even have time to dry.
It is said that your life flashes before your eyes just before you die. That is true, it's called Life.
Stories of imagination tend to upset those without one.
Why do you go away? So that you can come back. So that you can see the place you came from with new eyes and extra colors. And the people there see you differently, too. Coming back to where you started is not the same as never leaving.
If cats looked like frogs we'd realize what nasty, cruel little bastards they are. Style. That's what people remember.
In ancient times cats were worshipped as gods; they have not forgotten this.
Time is a drug. Too much of it kills you.
Wisdom comes from experience. Experience is often a result of lack of wisdom.
Five exclamation marks, the sure sign of an insane mind.
I'll be more enthusiastic about encouraging thinking outside the box when there's evidence of any thinking going on inside it.
Real stupidity beats artificial intelligence every time.
There is a rumour going around that I have found God. I think this is unlikely because I have enough difficulty finding my keys, and there is empirical evidence that they exist.
If you trust in yourself. . .and believe in your dreams. . .and follow your star. . . you'll still get beaten by people who spent their time working hard and learning things and weren't so lazy.
She was beautiful, but she was beautiful in the way a forest fire was beautiful: something to be admired from a distance, not up close.
Coming back to where you started is not the same as never leaving.
She was already learning that if you ignore the rules people will, half the time, quietly rewrite them so that they don't apply to you.
Getting an education was a bit like a communicable sexual disease. It made you unsuitable for a lot of jobs and then you had the urge to pass it on.
I'd rather be a rising ape than a falling angel.
Evil begins when you begin to treat people as things.
It's still magic even if you know how it's done.
He'd been wrong, there was a light at the end of the tunnel, and it was a flamethrower.
The presence of those seeking the truth is infinitely to be preferred to the presence of those who think they've found it.
There are times in life when people must know when not to let go. Balloons are designed to teach small children this.
This book was written using 100% recycled words.
...inside every old person is a young person wondering what happened.
Do you not know that a man is not dead while his name is still spoken?
We who think we are about to die will laugh at anything.
Scientists have calculated that the chances of something so patently absurd actually existing are millions to one. But magicians have calculated that million-to-one chances crop up nine times out of ten.